
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure? To ensure the security of code and/or software, a variety of measures should be applied. Version control should include regression testing. Automated tests should be designed to offer enough coverage of a particular code base. In terms of security, vulnerability assessments should be performed before, during, and after changes to a program or code base. Secure encryption and decryption solutions for programs that transmit and receive client data make the program mode secure for both parties.

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program? Before beginning the creation of a software, user needs should be assessed. Because programs are nothing more than a method of meeting the demands of end users, determining what needs to be done to meet those needs is an essential part of the development process. To interpret customer demands, strategies such as client discussions, questionnaires, and interviews should be employed to acquire user feedback. Once the information has been acquired, the development team should consult with the client to determine how the software will meet the demands of the users.

How do I approach designing software? When I create software, I conduct research on the problem that my application will be utilized to solve. I establish software requirements based on the demands of the customer and end users once I understand how the application will be utilized. Before I start coding, I distribute the requirements among my classes and functions to clarify how each class and function will fulfill certain needs as I build the software.
